# Version 1.1.2
Introducing Composers to enhance structure, simplify process validation, and improve dependency injection for streamlined development. New functions and renamed commands for efficiency. Enhanced pipeline with cross-platform testing and GitHub release generation.

## New Features
Introducing Composers! Similar to program.cs files for C# applications, Composers handle dependency injection, object configuration, and define Processes to run [Composers](../Composers.md). Previously, Processes could inject dependencies directly and dispatch Processes, leading to a lack of structure. Now, developers must use a Composer to manage multiple Processes or inject classes from modules.

Explore the new functions [here](../CLIFunctions.md):
- add-composer
- remove-composer
- compose

Process validation has been simplified. Users can now validate if:
- A Composer has invoked processing
- A key is present in the context
- A process has completed successfully

by using an [IContextVerifier](../ProcessContext.md#requires).

With dependency injection introduced previously, it is now possible to register a "plain old" class for injection into a process and populate its variables from the current [process context](../ProcessContext.md). This is demonstrated [here](../Composers.md#configuring-objects).

The [sample project](../../Sample/). has also been upgraded with these additions.

## Improvements
Some function names have been shortened to reduce text input requirements:
- run-process -> run
- run-test -> test
- create-proxy -> mock

The pipeline now installs and tests the framework on all operating systems (MacOS, Windows, Linux) after publishing, which helps build confidence. Previously, it only did the full build, now, it builds, publishes, installs, and tests.

Every release will now produce a GitHub release on the repository, including links to the release notes and the published module on the PowerShell Gallery.

Pull request template has been added.
